Well, good morning, family, good evening wherever you are.
I talk to people all over the world, so I always say morning.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We have some work to do.
I don't even really know where to start other than I just want to give God all the praise and glory for what he's doing.
As we see, prayer changes things.
We see Pam Bondi and the man saying that he wanted to harm her, trying to pay $45,000, which was around—I saw 50 on the wanted.
As I have been praying over this today, I have more to share with you.
The Lord is revealing more to us, Diana and I, and my children.
As we were driving around, I saw a football, and Pam Bondi was holding a football, but I didn't understand what I was seeing on the 19th.
When I saw her holding the football, I said, 'This looks like a football, but it has layers.
' It transformed from a football to a pinwheel that had layers that looked dark black and white.
That's why I said it looked like one of those Hostess cupcakes.
It had the frosting all in it, and it was pinwheel-looking, and the football turned into that.
The Lord said there are many layers to this for her to expose.
She's going to expose this darkness, but she needs a little bit more information to nail the coffin closed and make it a closed case.
She has enough evidence that she's going to run with this.
The Lord said because of what she will expose, there will be a price on her head.
I saw a price tag of over $50,000.
I saw the zeros, and I saw not 45, but 50.
As I saw this red list, I saw Alex Jones was going to expose some things that were dark, and what he would say would be credible.
I saw Tucker Carlson on the list.
I saw many judges on this hit list and people in high authority—Giuliani.
I saw many people on this list, and some of their names had more zeros than others.
The Lord said, 'You must pray for their protection, for they are on a list to be taken out, and you must intercede for them, for this is bigger than you realize.
' I saw foreign people—and I can't go into all that—who were funding this through crypto.
That's all I'm going to say.
We're going to continue to pray for them because the Lord said what was said today was communication.
It's bigger than the man that was caught today; this is communication.
Why would they have this gambling ring?
And why would some of these people who are worth millions participate in this?
They're already worth millions of dollars.
Why would they risk their chance of going to prison for a couple million dollars for these big people?
You are thinking too small.
That's what the Lord said.
Blackmail.
Blackmail tapes, videotapes.
The Lord said videotapes with them doing certain things with certain young people.
Blackmail.
'Do what we tell you to do or more will come out.
' This is deeper than what you can ever understand.
And the Lord said—and that's all I will say about that—but you must know that it doesn't make sense.
You can play the video of what the Lord said.
Yes, sir.
Go ahead, son.
Just play it right there and show them what the Lord said.
Football, baseball...
oh, and sports people.
And then he talked to us about LeBron James, and I thought that was interesting.
He said he'll retire soon.
Everybody says, 'Well, of course he will.
' No, I'm talking about something more to this.
I saw the king be dethroned—the name King James.
There's more to this, and it was not a good thing.
The Lord said he would be dethroned.
A humbling is coming.
I don't know what that means, but I saw a humbling coming, a play on words.
I'm just telling you what I saw.
There's something more to a dethroning of a king who considers himself way above the King of Kings, the Lord of Lords, Jesus Christ.
King James Version, King—all this stuff was in the air.
But the Lord said, 'There's about to be something huge happen in the NBA.
There's about to be something huge happen in the NFL and the major league.
' He said, 'Watch what I'm about to do in these areas.
' So, that's what we were praying over.
You see, it's bigger than you realize.
The Lord said this several weeks ago.
He said, 'Pray for an exposing of dark things: NFL, Major League Baseball, and the NBA.
' It will be in all these arenas.
I saw major corruption.
The Lord said it will be an uncovering.
And that's what this pinwheel is.
And I'm telling you, she had a football.
I said, 'What is this?
' because we're not even talking about football; we're talking about basketball and some of this stuff.
But the Lord said there's deep dark corruption.
And if you go back to what I saw concerning the children, consider the children trafficking.
It's much deeper than most of you will ever realize.
But as this happens, if we pray into this, the Lord said he has a hand on it.
I'm telling you, we will see revival break out in major sporting events.
I saw major key players having a major revival and the Holy Ghost taking over the NFL, NBA, and Major League Baseball.
We're going to see people that are going to get really radical for Jesus in the days ahead, a major revival they will be used to bring forth.
The Lord is going to pour out his spirit on our sports.
People will idolize them like gods, like Michael Jordans and all the celebrities.
The Lord said he's going to use that celebrity for his glory for bringing in the harvest.
Watch what he does with these young people.
But even more so with the music industry—the Lord said pray over the music industry.
Pray over all this for there's an uncovering.
Even when I told you I saw a new Democratic woman being groomed by the devil, hand-selected by the devil, I saw this woman being raised up and appointed.
Even when I told you yesterday I saw this new pastor coming to Australia—I keep seeing these key figures.
The Lord's hand-selecting people, and the devil's trying to hand-select people.
It's interesting to me because I keep seeing both sides.
The Lord's showing me the devil picking people to try to cause great distraction and disruption in the move.
And then you see God saying, 'I'm raising up these people.
I'm going to raise up new men with great voices like David's, Hannah's, and Esther's, and they're going to be prayer people.
They're going to be the closers.
' The Lord keeps talking about all this, but then I keep seeing the enemy and he has his plan.
But we know who has the greater plan.
Greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world.
The Lord told us, 'You're about to see weather manipulation, weaponized weather more than what you've ever seen before.
' He said that even last night with ice storms, winter cyclones, heavy snowfall, blizzard conditions in Buffalo, and lake effect snow that will be the largest we've ever seen.
I'm talking about seeing major weather events in the days ahead.
Well, you say, 'Well, Brandon, we have weather events all the time.
' Yes, but this is going to be different from what I saw.
I saw major winds, major straight-line winds, and power outages that would go for a thousand miles.
I'm talking about crippling ice storms.
The Lord said, 'You have to pray over the weather.
' That's why I brought all that up last night.
I was trying to encourage you to use your authority over drought and rain.
As he is, so are we in this world.
The Lord was showing us: 'Brandon, if I can call peace to the storms, I've given you the ability to pray over it also.
' As he is, so are we in this world.
I just wanted to encourage you all when I showed you how much rain northern Oklahoma got, all over Tulsa.
Every time I call in a certain number, I say I'm waiting for over five inches of rain to come over our land, fill our rivers, our ponds, our creeks, and our lakes so that we don't have a drought.
We take authority over drought.
We call the rain in Jesus' name.
You have authority to do that.
Pray over your weather.
There it is, right there.
Everywhere in Tulsa, the rain came.
That's what the Lord was trying to show you.
You can do that to your town.
You can call in the rain.
That's why I was praying over Australia, because I saw a great drought and that even the kangaroos would die because there's no water.
I saw the lakes and the ponds completely dry with big cracks, and the land was like tumbleweeds blowing across.
It was so bad.
The Lord said, 'Pray for the rain.
Pray for the rain.
' That's what I was trying to show you.
We started calling it in because we hadn't had rain in September, October, or November.
Hey sweetie, you want to come sit by me?
I'll get out and then you can come sit down.
I have my buddy.
Sorry, I didn't want to disturb you.
You're good.
Come sit down by me.
You look so marvelous.
So, we're just talking about all the rain and everything.
We were praying over the rain, believing God for supernatural rain.
If you ever read anything, you hold it out of your mouth, don't you?
Well, you can read about the blood.
I have the book.
We read that book last night.
When you started reading, I felt the presence of the Lord.
Did you?
I don't know if they did, but I did.
That's all that matters.
But I'm reading about the precious blood of Jesus.
You know, these little pocketbooks you can get for a buck.
I love reading stuff like that, filling yourself up and being controlled by the Holy Ghost.
We were listening to Corrie ten Boom today, and it was wonderful.
It was on YouTube and it blessed me.
It made me really go deep inside of myself to say, 'Listen, you've got to come up higher.
' Beautiful.
She challenged me, this lady did.
We didn't even finish it, but I just want to encourage everyone to find things that will inspire you.
Find things that will fan your flame to keep that fire going.
Don't wait on your pastor or whoever is over you that you listen to.
Don't wait on them to feed you Wednesdays and Sundays or whenever you go to church.
You've got to have that bulldog-on-a-bone faith to say, 'Hey, I'm going to feed myself.
I've got to get out there and get a hold of something.
I cannot wait for somebody to spoon-feed me.
I've got to have enough to be a scavenger.
I'm going to find something and live by faith, and I don't need somebody else to feed me.
I'm going to feed myself.
' That's what Diana and I have always done.
When Megan was first diagnosed with autism, we couldn't really go to church because it was such a distraction.
For all those years, we just learned how to feed ourselves.
We fought.
I said we're going to keep going with this and we're going to find the word for whatever we need.
A lot of times, it was always Kenneth E.
Hagin.
I listen to Brother Hagin most of all, and then to the people we listen to now.
Just keep fanning that flame.
Listen to Lynn Hammond.
Stir up how to pray in the spirit.
How bad do you want change in your life?
How hungry and desperate are you for change?
Are you willing to go out and look for something versus sitting there waiting?
I'm telling you, it comes to the point where I see a lot of these people say, 'Brandon, I need all this.
' Get it.
Be a contender.
Fight for it.
Nobody's going to just give it to you.
You have to want it bad enough.
I want change.
I want the Holy Ghost in my life.
I want the glory and the presence.
I want Jesus manifested in my home so that whenever I have an issue, when you're overcoming something, when you get a bad report, or when you have a bill you can't pay and the creditors are calling, you know what to do.
If you have a need, you sow a seed.
That's what we learned.
He said he gives you wisdom to get wealth.
So, we believe God and he gives us wisdom to make money.
But what happens if you need a doctor's report?
You find scripture.
That's what we always do.
We go back to the word.
Find scriptures that pertain to what you're believing for and quote those scriptures over your life.
We have Bibles everywhere.
Diana got a waterproof Bible.
I thought that was perfect for the end times.
You could hide it in the woods.
The Antichrist is going to take everybody's Bible away.
I don't even think that would burn.
I just know we're in a time like we've never seen before, and it's going to keep increasing.
As of the 23rd, I know there is an acceleration, and we're about to see things we've never seen before.
I have an urgency to come on here all the time to pray and to tell you all that Jesus Christ is coming and you've got to get your house in order.
People ask, 'What does that mean, Brandon?
' Well, what does that feel like to you?
What is the Lord telling you to do?
Do you have an urgency in your spirit to draw close to him?
Does he know you?
If you were to have a face-to-face encounter with the Lord, would he say, 'I know them'?
Or would he say, "You know, you may know a lot about the Father, but does he know you?
Do you just go and visit once a month or once a year at church, or do you have a relationship every single day with him?
" If I only had a relationship with Diana every month or every year, there wouldn't be a good marriage.
A marriage is based on having a relationship every single day.
We talk, we have communion.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
That's the way it is with the Father.
You must have a relationship with him and find things that will inspire you to keep going: books, tape series, whatever.
Back in the day, I used to buy a tape series every single time I got paid.
I'd find a tape series and I'd listen to that one tape series the whole time because we only got paid every two weeks.
I said if I could listen to it every time, whether it would be usually Lester Sumrall or somebody like that, I'd find something and think, "Man, I want to listen to these old-timers.
" I would listen to that whole tape series for two weeks and then I'd alternate them out just continually.
Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
The only way you're going to get strong is with your faith growing.
But faith works by love, so you've got to keep strife out.
I'm telling you, it's like seeing an engine where the pistons and all the parts are moving in the engine so that you go really fast.
But if one thing is off, that engine is not going to work right.
That's the way it is in the spirit realm.
You've got to make sure all those pistons are firing and all that stuff in the spirit is firing and going perfectly so that you're going forward in your spiritual walk.
That's going to make that spiritual car go forward.
If not, you're going to be idle and sitting by, asking, "Why am I still this way after all these years?
How come nothing's changed?
" Most people keep doing the same thing expecting different results, and that's the definition of insanity.
That's why I say if it isn't working after 30 days, or if it isn't working after 60 days, we've got to make some changes in here.
If what you're doing isn't getting you closer to God after a couple of weeks and you're saying, "Well, I'm still idly sitting by," the Bible says if we draw nigh to him, he'll draw nigh to us.
So I'm just looking, "Father, I want more.
I'm desperate, I'm hungry, I'm thirsty.
" For you said those that hunger and thirst after righteousness shall be filled.
I believe with all my heart that my wife and I are hungry, thirsty, and desperate.
For the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart who's perfect towards him.
If the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart who's perfect towards him, let his eyes rest on me.
Help me, O Lord, to have a perfect heart.
Create in me a clean heart, Lord, so that you can look at me and say, "Hey, I want to go and visit his house.
" I make him feel comfortable in my home.
I create an atmosphere of worship in the house.
I usually have worship playing all the time on the TV.
I said, "Man, if Jesus showed up right now, would he be happy to be here?
" Or would he go, "You know what?
I look at the time, I need to keep walking down the road here.
" Or would he go, "Hey, you know what?
I'd like to take my sandals off here and sit down and visit.
Can we just have a little bit of tea?
Let's have that iced tea, son.
I'd like to sit down and talk.
Just have a little talk with Jesus.
" So, I just try to inspire you all to get close to him before we get into the real serious stuff with Pam Bondi and all the things that the Lord has shown us.
It all comes out of relationship.
I'm going to be real with y'all: I have issues, Diana has issues, Braden has—we all have issues.
But we diligently seek him.
We want him more than we want air.
I want him more than I want water.
I'm a big guy and I'm overweight, and I want him more than I want food.
How much more do you want the Father in your life and change?
I don't want to live tomorrow the same way I did today.
I don't want to be this way this time next year.
Smith Wigglesworth said, "If you don't see change in your life spiritually every three days, you're backsliding.
" That challenged me.
I thought, "Backsliding?
Wow.
" Because we're supposed to be going from glory to glory.
He's changing us into his likeness and image to perfect in me the love of God shown to the world.
I know there's more, even with all the things that the Lord has graciously shown me.
For whatever reason he chooses to show me anything, I know there's more.
When you see beyond the veil, you know there's much more.
If I could just camp there.
There are rooms in the spirit, places in the spirit where you can go.
I can go to certain rooms in the spirit, and you know when you visit there that the room is vast, but there are levels of glory and levels of relationship.
So many people are like the chickens pecking around, but you were created for so much more.
He made you to be an eagle to soar, and you can go anywhere you want while praying in the spirit.
But if you choose to be a chicken, you only stay in that barnyard.
God's called you to come up higher, like the eagles, and soar with him in the high places.
There's so much more.
When I was my son's age, I would fast and pray every other day because I just wanted to see the dead raised.
I still do.
I wanted to see the blinded eyes open.
I want to hear the Father.
I want to have a relationship with him.
I don't like religion.
And I know that there's a place in God where you experience that glory that Satan dare not go.
He's scared spitless when you come up in there.
Even when we can see when people have demonic spirits and we've got the glory and we feel it—we feel that 'oozing' as I call it, that overflow coming out of you—they start to manifest when they get around you.
I'm telling you, the devil is scared spitless of the anointing and the presence of God and a Christian that understands and knows who they are.
He's scared spitless of them, but he's not scared of the ones that don't know who they are.
I said, "You can quote Bible, you can quote books, and it would be like saying, 'Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star' if you don't realize who you are.
" He knows the difference between one who knows it and one who doesn't.
There is a level of authority that the devil is scared of.
It's like having a police officer dressed in uniform.
It's the authority of the government that backs him when he says, "Stop.
" His outfit doesn't really make anyone stop; it's what the outfit represents.
The moment he puts his hand up like that, that's all he has to do to a big old semitruck.
Stop.
And that semi will stop.
Why?
Because of what is backing that badge.
What's backing him?
Not just a gun on his hip or handcuffs, but the law of the land, the government, and what we set in motion as the United States of America backs him.
And he knows all he has to do is just put his hand up.
As a believer, everything that the Lord has given you, he is backing you.
And you put that hand up.
You say, "No, devil.
You ain't robbing me of my stuff.
You're not going to take my children.
You're not going to take my marriage.
You're not going to take my finances.
No, devil.
" Why?
Why does he have to back you?
Because he knows when you know.
He knows when you know who you are because you have that badge on.
There's a spiritual authority when he knows you know.
There's a confidence, there's a swag to it: "Stop, devil!
" versus somebody who doesn't.
Now, if you get out there and you see a cop, and he's all scared, "Stop, semi!
Bear down, semi!
" you would go over there and run him over.
If I stood out there, that semi is going to run me over because I don't have the badge on.
That's what the devil does.
And I'm trying to help you.
When you get a revelation of who you are and you start speaking—and you're a speaking spirit—you decree a thing and you start saying what the word says.
It's the word that backs you.
You can pray all day long and you can say certain things, but if you don't realize it's not down inside you, when it becomes rhema to you, when it becomes a rhema word, when it becomes a rhema word inside of your spirit, you say, "God is before me, who can be against me?
No weapon formed against me is going to prosper.
" People say all the time, "Brandon, you are crazy.
I can't believe all the things you say on the internet.
" When God is for me, there are more with me than there are with them.
I'm not going to tell you I'm not nervous sometimes, but there are more with me than there are with them.
And if I go home, I've already seen so much of heaven.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
Do you understand?
When you've seen glimpses of the things I've seen, I say, "My goodness, folks, it's glorious.
" Heaven is a place.
Heaven is a place, and it's my home.
I'm just visiting here.
And I just want you to know that heaven can be your home.
Heaven can be a place that you're going to call home.
He has a mansion ready for me.
He has a mansion that's ready for you.
If you confess him and you invite Jesus Christ to be your Lord and Savior, he's no respecter of persons, and what he'll do for one, he'll do for another.
But he is a respecter of faith, and he looks at those who diligently believe him, who diligently ask, seek, and knock.
How bad, how desperate do you want change in your life?
There are so many people that just think, "Well, you know what?
I resisted the devil one time and I said it a couple of times and it didn't work.
" Well, you're the Rock of Gibraltar.
You need to understand—it's that bulldog spirit when he comes and starts knocking on your door.
I put that blood on the door.
We've got the anointing oil.
I've got my box right here; you put it over here for me.
My friend Billy Burke gave me this for Christmas.
Paisley has my other one.
She told me, "Daddy, I need my own anointing oil.
I want to anoint stuff, too.
" And I said, "Okay.
" So I gave her the oil and she takes it and she anoints things.
She carries it with her.
She believes because I teach her and I train her.
You understand?
And this represents something.
I believe in calling for the elders of the church, and when they anoint you with oil, the prayer of faith will heal the sick.
I believe in the power of the covenant.
And so you're going to have to learn that in these last days or you're not going to make it.
You have to understand who you are.
Psalm 23 and Psalm 91—you must read those all the time.
You must read Ephesians.
I've seen a great storm coming.
I've talked about this many times.
I want my son to play what I see coming in another video for you.
When was this?
April 7th, 2024.
I had this vision and I want you to hear this because the Lord said, "Pray over this today.
This is where we are right now: April the 7th of 2024.
" Now, play it.
We saw people with signs that said, "We want our entitlements.
" Their welfare, their food stamps—all of that was cut off.
All of the government-funded welfare programs were gone.
And I saw lines of people 10,000 deep having a march, like those marches for abortion or the Martin Luther King march—all those kinds of marches.
Does that make sense?
Like civil rights protests.
They were like protests, but it was like they were marching for a cause.
They were all upset.
There were literally thousands of people, and they all had signs and they were furious at the government for cutting off welfare programs.
They were rioting and they were pillaging stores.
They were tearing up all of the downtown areas, major shopping areas, and malls—just destroying them, breaking all the glass, running in and grabbing anything they wanted.
But there were so many people you couldn't stop them all.
It was bad.
They were looting and setting things on fire.
It was similar to what happened with all the riots during COVID from that man who got suffocated—that terrible thing that happened.
It was similar to that, but it was worse.
It was everywhere.
Not just a couple of cities; it was really bad.
When I was in the spirit, I could see this while I was praying.
Then I could see martial law.
I saw army people everywhere—Marines.
They had army helmets on.
I saw full fatigue.
They were going through the streets with Hummers and army vehicles.
I saw barbed wire fence being blocked off in certain blocks where you couldn't go anywhere, with military brigades and blockages in major cities.
I saw Philadelphia and Chicago; this was happening up in New York.
I saw families getting in cars, fleeing the cities, trying to get south, trying to get away from what was happening.
I saw a complete meltdown of the financial structure in America, worse than anybody can comprehend.
The major cities were in anarchy.
It was crazy the way everybody was acting.
I saw the army and all of the military coming in and taking over these major cities, making it a lockdown where you could not get out of your house because of the rioting and the protesting.
I saw people fleeing to come to the South.
I saw gardens because there was no food—not much food in the stores—and people were growing their own gardens with seeds like squash, potatoes, and tomatoes.
Whatever they could do to have a garden, they had big fences around them trying to produce food for families to be able to sustain life.
People were trying to go to rural areas, trying to get away into areas where there weren't a lot of people moving and relocating.
Oklahoma and Kansas—I'm telling you, it was full of people trying to move and find places.
I saw the rich people trying to pawn off Rolex watches.
I saw the Rolexes, diamond rings, and gold bracelets.
I saw fancy luxury cars.
If you want to watch the rest of it, you can.
I'm not going to play the whole video, but I see our government, the Democratic party, and the Republicans.
Well, if we're not going to have those food stamps by the first, which is Saturday...
and I'm not saying that this is the event.
I know it's coming, but could we delay it?
I believe the power of prayer can do anything, as we've seen.
I don't play this to scare you; I play this to prepare you so that we know what the Holy Spirit has warned us about—what the enemy is going to try to do to bring civil unrest to America and bring in martial law in these major cities.
If this happens, Trump won't have much of a choice if they don't agree to give people their handouts.
I'm not here to be political; I'm trying to tell you we need to pray because if we can pray to avert this, I believe we can stop it.
It's very important that we raise up our voices right now, pray in the spirit, and believe God for a supernatural, divine reversal—a turnaround for what the devil has meant for bad.
God will turn it around.
I feel this is on purpose.
Do you understand what I'm trying to tell you all?
They want him to look like a fool—Trump.
They want to derail America.
Why?
Because if America is out of the way, then they can bring in the digital system.
They can bring in the beast system.
America is the last domino to fall before we see a major beast system, a one-world order.
All these things take place.
And if Kamala Harris would have been here—I had to be political on that—I'm telling you, we'd already be on that road.
But I saw Trump being a log in the road to the plan of the elite for a global takeover.
The dollar's in the way.
But he was in a canoe and he was paddling as hard as he could on Niagara Falls, and he was right at the edge of the waterfall.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for him.
He needs strength.
' He was paddling as hard as he could, trying to keep the boat America, the ship USA, from going over the water's edge.
But the Lord said he can delay it, but he will not stop it altogether.
He's just buying you time.
He was sweating profusely trying to keep the boat from going over the edge—America, the economy, everything.
Folks, look around you.
Here we have the government shutdown for five weeks now.
And they're saying, 'Well, we don't have enough to pay our military.
' So, a billionaire had to give one hundred and something million dollars to pay all the military.
They don't care about the military who's risking their life to protect us, or the FAA—that's your flights, watching over you in the skies.
People are calling in sick.
They don't even come to work because they aren't getting paid.
So, is it real safe to get in a plane right now?
I don't know; I'm just saying you need to think about stuff.
Who's watching the friendly skies if everybody is calling in?
If you have one man doing the job of how many?
I don't know how it's working right now, but if you have a bunch of people calling in, how safe is it?
We need these people, and we have people that want to cause mass confusion in the nation.
And that's what we're here to pray for tonight: that we don't have these RINOs and these weirdos to just kill, steal, and destroy this beautiful country.
We must stand, for as America goes, so does everything else.
But I've told you, I've seen a 'great shaking to awaken' coming.
But I'm believing God for the finances, for the supernatural finances that He's told us we'd have.
I saw the megachurches—all the megachurches that had big loans on their buildings, a mortgage they were foreclosed on because people stopped giving.
And these megachurches closed their doors and people say, 'Well, that's good; they need to close their doors.
' No, those are good auditoriums.
We need those.
They're going to be filled up with the glory.
I just believe God's bigger than that.
It's all hands on deck right now for what's about to happen.
And we're not just going to have—we're going to have Holy Ghost Woodstocks.
And I told D, we talk about it all the time.
Why does the Lord keep showing me these country churches?
Why does He keep showing me fields full of people, like Holy Ghost Woodstocks with a big tractor-trailer?
Not the ones that carry stuff inside, but the ones like the semis that carry those big, wide loads—those flatbeds.
They were using those as stages, and the people would preach off of those for the Holy Ghost Woodstock.
They would have lights and speakers, and they would just preach to a field full of people.
But the people were coming—they were leaving the cities just like I'm telling you, and I keep seeing it over and over.
That's where brush arbor Church is; a major move of God is coming.
So maybe the big churches won't all be used.
I don't know; I try to figure it out because I've also seen glory events will be sporting events because people won't be able to afford tickets to go to a baseball game or a basketball game.
Remember what I told you, that I saw the 76ers going bankrupt.
Why?
I don't know; I see in part here.
But He specifically said the Philadelphia 76ers—something will happen around—He said the Philadelphia 76ers would go bankrupt and they wouldn't be able to pay their players, and I saw nobody coming to the games.
I saw Philadelphia.
I saw Pennsylvania in trouble, and the stadiums were empty.
But then they had like these Charlie Kirk freedom events, but they were filled with the glory and the body of Christ filled the church, and they had white t-shirts on.
I told everybody I see white t-shirts before they even brought freedom shirts.
And He said, 'Brandon, notice their clothes.
' I even told Billy Burke, I said, 'I see a certain person in his mail.
' They had white t-shirts and they're having worship events—glory worship events.
And I saw people getting born again and it was radical for the young people.
I saw young people getting in these auditoriums full of people, like 70,000 kids in an auditorium, all giving glory to God with white t-shirts on.
Look at the freedom stuff.
And I just know that God is not done with America.
I know that there's a great shaking.
I know there's a great harvest.
And I bring all this stuff to you because I try to stir you up to get you to believe for bigger.
That's why He keeps telling you, 'You need to have Holy Ghost stretch marks.
You're not pregnant enough.
You don't believe for enough.
' You've got to believe for bigger.
And if you don't have Holy Ghost stretch marks, you're not pregnant enough in the spirit; you're not believing big enough because the more you're pregnant, the bigger the stretch marks.
And I saw it.
And He said, 'I want you to believe me for bigger.
I want you to stretch your faith out there and believe me for bigger, for the finances, for the harvest of souls.
' It's wonderful that we'll get 100 people born again or 200, but He said, 'There's one hundred and seventy thousand people every day dying.
How many of them are going to hell?
Why are the churches not giving altar calls?
Why have the churches stopped giving altar calls?
Where did the harvest go?
Where did the hunger for the lost go?
' Well, we preach to our little congregation or our big congregation or this media side, but we don't give very many altar calls.
'Well, you know, it's not seeker-friendly enough, maybe.
' But I'm trying to tell you we have to go back to the foundation of giving altar calls, telling people that they need to repent, telling people that they're going to hell if they don't accept Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior.
It's time to come back to their first love.
Jesus is coming, folks.
And he's coming back for a glorious church.
And the church right now looks like a harlot.
It's the truth.
It's time we become radical for Jesus.
It's time we sell out to Jesus, expecting him to do the exceedingly abundantly above all that we'd ask or think.
But coming back and sitting at his feet, not just visiting him when we're having a hard time.
Visiting him every day because he's just good.
He's good in the bad times and he's good in the good times.
He's good all the time.
He's good in the valley.
He's a God in the valley, and he's a God on the mountain.
I love that song: 'The God of the mountain is still God in the valley.
The God of the good times is still God in the night.
' So, let's pray.
I've said enough.
I come on here and I want you to say, "Oh, Brandon, all he does is harp on us.
" No, I'm trying to stir you.
The one that tells you to pray for Pam Bondi—it could have been anybody.
It's not coincidence, but there's a hit on her.
It's still there.
We exposed some bozo on TikTok that said something, but that was just to alert you that there's fruit behind it.
The hit is still there.
Do you understand?
That didn't stop.
We stopped one bozo, but there is a list and it's an underground network of people.
He was just one that came out.
I'm telling you, I know this by the spirit of God.
He's telling me there is an actual list and they're communicating somehow through these SIM cards.
Do you think they only had one SIM card location?
You guys got to let the elevator go to the top.
It's bigger than what you realize.
We had four years of an old man running into walls and licking ice cream cones and sniffing kids' hair.
It's very serious.
He wasn't president; he's running into walls.
He didn't know where he was.
For four years, we had somebody that had dementia in the White House.
And people don't take it seriously.
Who was running our government for four years with a Sleepy Joe behind the wheel running into walls, chasing ice cream trucks?
We have people in our country that are here to try to destroy us.
And that's why we have to pray.
This is the most serious thing I've ever done in my life.
When I see these things and I'm not able to even talk about half of it on this broadcast, the Lord said, "Do not mention this; I'll tell you outside of this.
" And there's so much that he tells me I cannot even bring on here.
I'm on their platform.
And there's a lot of things.
Even if it was my own platform, I don't think I would, quite frankly.
Some I go, "Whoa.
" Okay, we're going to just write that down.
What do you do with it?
Pray in the Holy Ghost.
But most people don't realize what we let into our government.
Over 7 million people crossed over.
Plus, not all of them were wanting to mow grass and help out with whatever they could do.
We're talking about people that were crazy and they wanted to harm your kids, hide your kids, hide your wife, hide your neighbors, do all the things because they're crazy out here.
And it's serious.
I'm not kidding.
For everything that I have seen—MS-13—there's much to this that I have seen that I cannot talk about.
I pray for your families.
I do.
We'll pray for the people in Jamaica tonight.
I've seen what it's about to do.
It will look like a nuclear device went off.
I mean, it looks like it's just completely decimated where this thing is about to hit at a category 5.
We pray for the people of Jamaica.
People say, "Well, they're trying to legalize witchcraft.
" Well, I didn't know that.
If they did that, then God help them because they've opened a door.
If their government is trying to legalize witchcraft to make it okay—if that's the truth and they're really doing that, then they've opened the door kind of like Haiti, and they better shut it.
Because you invite the devil in, he doesn't take an inch; he takes the whole thing.
He's not a gentleman.
The Holy Spirit's a gentleman, and he moves gradually, but the devil just says, "I'm taking over.
" You know why?
Because he knows his time is short.
He's about to burn in hell for eternity.
And he knows it.
He's trying to avert it, trying to stop it, whatever he can do because he's scared spitless.
Because God always wins.
God always wins.
Always.
So, Father, we just thank you for the body.
We thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions, you were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, Lord, we're healed.
And we're so grateful for all that you've done.
This represents something bigger than you realize.
This is a covenant.
And as he is, so are we in this world.
And what he took in his body, we don't need to take in ours.
We are delivered.
We are healed.
We are whole by his stripes.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that we don't have sickness and disease in our bodies from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
We are delivered from everything the devil is trying to throw at us.
Thank you, Lord, for this is the meal of the healed.
You've redeemed us by the blood.
That's right.
The precious blood of Jesus.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
It never loses its power.
We take this body in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you for the blood.
And we make much of the blood tonight, for it never loses its power.
For when we make much of the blood, the blood makes much of us.
And we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And we apply the blood over us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
And we thank you, Lord, that you covered us and you cover Pam Bondi, you cover President Trump, you cover Melania, you cover Barron, you cover Eric and Don Jr.
, and the vice president.
Over every single one of them, Father, we cover them in the blood.
The girls—Tiffany.
I must call her Missy again.
Tiffany and Ivanka and Barron and Kai.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for every single one of them.
They're covered in the blood.
And we thank you, Lord, that a thousand should fall at their side and 10,000 at the right hand.
We pray over Alex Jones.
We cover Alex Jones in the blood and everything that he uncovers, that he'll have boldness, but he'll have an angelic protection and that he would become radically born again.
I pray over Tucker Carlson.
I pray over these people that would try to expose the darkness.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you put angel armies around these men and women.
And we thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that they expose the darkness in the deep state, the darkness that they're trying to do to this nation.
That we have patriots that stand and fight the good fight.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you expose the darkness in Jesus' name.
The blood of Jesus Christ covers us.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit that the devil has to try to kill, steal, and destroy—Father, I thank you, Lord.
We come against it in the mighty name of Jesus, and we apply the blood in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Do you believe it?
Do you believe that Jesus Christ gave you authority?
Do you believe that he's a healer?
Do you believe that he's a deliverer?
Do you believe that he has come to set the captives free and that he's coming?
Jesus is coming.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that our names are written in that Lamb's Book of Life.
You know us.
He don't say we take the blood.
He don't go say, "Depart from me.
I never knew you.
" Well, he knows us in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord.
Lord, we thank you.
So, Lord, we pray over everything else that you have for us tonight.
Now, I'm not going to sit and pray in English tonight.
And I just want to pray in the Holy Ghost because I want to see.
I plead the blood over my eyes, over my ears, over my mind, and I hear everything that you have for me, Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I plead the blood over us, that I hear you, and I hear your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
And if there's anything you want to show us of that which is to come, Father, I thank you, Lord, that we have eyes to see.
And you open it up for us, Father, that we are uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you show us that which is to come, and we plead the blood over everything in the name of Jesus.
That's interesting.
And when I close my eyes right then, I pray over our president.
We cover him in the blood—over his heart, over his arteries, over his veins, every plan, every spell, every incantation, all the things that try to come against him.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we pray over our president, that he's protected by your hand.
Take that scripture.
The Lord said, "Remember, I told you in the car, 'Don't forget the scripture.
We need that scripture today.
'" We want to read this scripture that the Lord—it really stood out to me.
And I want her to really read this.
Okay.
It is Philippians 4:6-7.
Say it real loud.
Okay.
It's Philippians 4:6-7.
I think I have a mic.
Can you—is it on?
Can you hear it?
Can you hear her good with her mic?
Okay.
Read.
It's Philippians 4:6-7, and it says, "Be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your request be made known unto God.
" And then the next verse says, "And the peace of God, which passes all understanding, will guard your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
" And then Psalms says, "Cast thy burden upon the Lord, and he shall sustain thee.
He shall never suffer the righteous to be moved.
" Okay.
Read it one more time.
Okay.
Do a double dose.
A double dose.
"Be careful for nothing.
" See right there?
Don't have any cares about it.
Cast all your cares on him, for he cares for us.
Don't take cares about it.
"Well, about all these things Brandon's showing us, I got a lot of care, and I've got care.
I have it all in my prayer.
" You got to take the care out of your prayer.
You got to take the care out of your prayer.
Keep going.
"Be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving.
" Thanksgiving, right there.
There it is right there.
With thanksgiving.
What did we tell you about being with the olive leaf?
Thank you, Father, by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving.
Thank you, Lord, that you provide what we need before we even know we need it.
Keep going.
"So be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your request be made known unto God.
" Thank you, Father.
"And the peace of God, which passes all understanding, will guard your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
Cast thy burden upon the Lord, and he shall sustain thee.
He shall never suffer the righteous to be moved.
" Thank you, Lord.
Cast your burden on the Lord.
Father, we're not going to take the care of this.
We're not taking the care of all this that we hear and what we see.
You tell us this, so we take authority over it, but we're not going to take the care of it.
We cast our care on you, for you care for us.
And if you give it to God, we're not going to take it back.
I'm not taking it back.
I give it to God, and we just rest because we're in that place of rest.
We're in that place of trust, confidently trusting in the finished work of Jesus Christ.
I am confidently trusting in the finished work of what Jesus Christ said he did for us.
I take the care out of my prayer.
Yeah, there's a lot of things that we could care about.
There's a lot of things we could be upset about, but no, we're careful for nothing.
We are careful for nothing.
We are careful for nothing because we take the care out of our prayer.
But we're going to pray into it, and we're going to have angels' aid and assistance.
We're going to have angels' aid and assistance tonight—like angels' aid and assistance concerning Melissa.
Angels' aid and assistance on Melissa, on every believer on that island.
That every believer on that island has angels' aid and assistance, supernatural deliverance, supernatural protection in their little houses or wherever they are.
There's angels' aid and assistance on our brothers and sisters, on the people that are crying out to the Father as this Category 5 hurricane comes on there.
Melissa is rearing her demonic head.
We say in the name of Jesus, cease and desist in your maneuvering.
We come against you, you spirit of destruction and devastation, and we say in the name of Jesus, this eyewall is falling apart.
We command you to bow your knee in the name of Jesus against weaponization of weather.
Weaponization of weather, we call it to fall apart in the name of Jesus through HAARP, through chemical induction.
I say in the name of Jesus, it is falling apart now in Jesus' name.
And every person that is in harm's way has angels' aid and assistance.
Angels' aid and assistance are going there right now in the name of Jesus.
They say, "Father, you said in your word that they would bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
" We believe, Father, that the angels, the holy angels, are watching over the people of Jamaica in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for your supernatural protection over Jamaica in Jesus' name.
We have people being ugly over there.
Okay.
Father, we thank you.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Father, for supernatural angelic protection over the area in Jesus' name.
Push with me.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Father, for the angels.
The angels are watching out for the people of Jamaica right now in Jesus' name.
Glory to your name.
Thank you, Jesus.
We glorify you, Father.
We consider it done.
We take our care out of our prayer because, I'm telling you, if I was on—it'd make your flesh a little squirmy.
But I know that the angels of the Lord are encamped around and about them.
And just like it was when Jesus was on the water with them and he said, "Peace, be still.
Peace, be still.
" With the disciples, he said, "Peace, be still.
" We call peace, be still.
We call peace, be still.
We speak to the eye to fall apart right now in the name of Jesus.
For the Father to poke that eye.
We call it to weaken in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we just give you praise.
Father, we go to Pam Bondi, and I thank you, Father, that you give her wisdom and all the FBI, the people that are surrounding her.
Father, I thank you, Father, for divine protection, for exposing the darkness, Father, that this thing is like an onion with layers.
And we thank you, Father, that we expose the darkness in the name of Jesus.
We expose the darkness in the name of Jesus in every area.
And, Father, when it is exposed, we thank you, Lord, that people—Father, we have the glorious outpouring of the Spirit of God.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the heavenly sounds, for the Holy Ghost and fire, for heavenly sounds in Jesus' name.
We thank you for Holy Ghost and fire, heavenly sounds, for great moves of worship.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for songs that we've never heard before, like "O Holy Night," Father, songs that we still sing all these years later.
Songs that will change a culture that, when you listen back to it, brings you comfort because it's heavenly sounds.
Not songs that you forget within a couple of decades, but songs that stick around like the blood of Jesus.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Thank you, Father.
We apply the blood.
Oh, Father, precious is the flow that makes us white as snow.
I just saw a glimpse of Rodeo Drive right then.
I saw the Hollywood street there: Rodeo Drive and all those rich shops.
I just had a glimpse of that right then.
We pray over Rodeo Drive, riots, and pillaging.
Father, we pray over Rodeo Drive in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there is a delay.
We will not have an economic crisis on our hands.
Y'all, I just have to pray in the spirit about this because I'm seeing stuff right now.
This is a well-thought-out plan.
All that we're seeing right now will try to escalate.
It's a well-thought-out plan trying to take down the economy.
This is a plan to take down the whole economy; it's strategic.
I see the men behind it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you bring the Georges to justice.
Father, I thank you that you bring these people that have just caused so much havoc in this nation with Antifa and the darkness of these men.
I thank you that you expose them, Father, in Jesus' name.
You bring them to justice.
Father, you already told me their days were numbered on this earth and they were going home.
They're going to go to hell.
I saw these men dying.
But it was not about that; I saw that the ones who would replace them were darker than them.
Even after this George goes home, the one that replaces him is darker than him.
It's generational.
So most people say, 'Well, if you just remove this poison,' well, there's poison behind the poison.
Carry this.
Most importantly, carry this.
Use your authority.
You hear Him?
He said to carry it.
You're going to have to carry it like a baby.
Use your authority daily and watch what you say, for there's power in life and death in your tongue.
What are you saying out of your mouth?
Great authority comes from your mouth, comes from your tongue.
It's a territory.
You've got to take your authority over your territory.
Everywhere your feet tread, you've got to take your authority.
He prepares the tables.
It's different than the one that he said beforehand.
It flows.
Now you know.
It's a different tongue.
It's coming through you.
I love when I'm holding your hand.
You know what I'm saying?
I feel it.
It's pulling, Diana.
It's pulling, love.
It's inside of you.
This is the priority; it's the prayer that comes through you.
I feel it, baby, and it's coming out.
I'm praying it out.
It's a summons.
Authority.
Thank you, Lord, for impartation.
The blood of Jesus.
Glory to the name.
Thank you, Jesus, for the blood.
Thank you for what you did for us.
Thank you, Lord, for the authority.
Thank you, Father, for the anointing of the Holy Ghost.
Restitution.
Everything the devil stole, we thank you, Lord, for the restitution of all things.
Hallelujah.
For the law, having a shadow of good things to come and not the very image of the things, can never, with those sacrifices under the old covenant which they offered year by year, make the comers thereof perfect.
So, he's talking about the law.
I'm telling you, it's about the blood.
We're not under the law; we're under grace.
Thank you, Father, for the grace.
Thank you for the blood.
Thank you that it never loses its power.
Thank you, Father, for this dispensation is coming to an end.
Jesus Christ is coming again.
Hallelujah.
It's time to get excited.
Have that expectation.
I feel the anointing of the Holy Ghost all over me and I'm not knowing what to do with it.
I just yield.
I'm listening.
I love you, Lord.
We're here for you.
We want to do whatever we can.
May the Lord be glorified.
May the Lord of Lords be glorified.
So we pray over Sunday, we pray over Saturday, we pray over these days ahead.
And we thank you, Lord, that we have authority.
He said, 'Take your authority day to day.
' Take your place of authority.
Glory to God.
For the Lord is good and His mercy endureth forever.
Hallelujah.
Do you believe that?
We pray from the top to the bottom, from sea to shining sea.
We pray a hedge of protection over our country and over our leaders, over our representatives, and over our senators.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there comes a deflation in this; that they would come to an agreement concerning the budget and getting things fixed.
Father, that we will not have mass riots and upheaval of our nation, burning our buildings, or any kind of mass casualty.
We apply the blood of Jesus over this.
And we say Schumer and Pelosi and all these others, Father, I thank you, Lord, that they have softened hearts to influence the influencers.
Influencing the influencer, they'll be moved away.
I see so much corruption when I look into that.
And every single time I look into that, I go, "Oh my gosh, but nothing's impossible with Him.
" Nothing is impossible with Him.
All hidden things will be revealed.
What the devil meant for bad, God's going to turn it around for good.
It's going to backfire on him again.
Because if he would have known what he did by crucifying Jesus, he would never have done it.
You know, it's going to backfire on him again.
I hear it: every plot, every strategy, every plan is going to backfire on him again because he doesn't think with a righteous mind; he thinks with a reprobate mind.
His mind is demonic, so he doesn't have clear thoughts.
There's confusion in the enemy's camp and he doesn't even know it.
He's confused and doesn't even know it.
There's a spirit of confusion in the enemy's camp and he doesn't even know it.
So the decisions he's making are the wrong decisions and he doesn't even know it.
And whatever he meant for bad, God's going to turn it around for good.
And we're going to get the victory because we live on the victory side.
Thank you, Father, that there is confusion in the enemy's camp.
Confusion is in the enemy's camp.
Thank you, Father.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
That's where we can pray; that's praying on the victory side.
I saw that he strategized it.
I saw him as a dingy white figure trying to pretend he's an angel of light.
He was at a war room table talking to six other demons.
They were all there, and they all looked different, and they were all drafting on a chart.
The devil was full of hate, talking to these demons on how to take down America.
He was hitting the table with a rod, smacking it in this vision while I was praying.
And they were all gleeful, saying, "This is going to work.
This is going to work.
" But I heard the Lord say, "There's confusion in the camp.
" And the very plan they think they're plotting, they don't even plot the right one.
You understand?
There's confusion in the camp.
He can't even strategize a good strategy.
For what the devil means for bad, God's going to turn it around for good in our favor.
No matter how much he plots, no matter how much he tries to do, God's got a better plan for you and me.
And He's going to turn it around on a dime.
Don't ever look at the devil's strategy.
No, he doesn't have a clear mind; he's thinking with a reprobate mind.
His mind is "tore up from the floor up.
" He's in confusion.
So even his demons, they think they're doing something good, but it's going to backfire on him.
That's what I heard the Spirit of the Lord say, Brandon.
It's going to backfire on him.
If whatsoever things are just, lovely, or pure—look at what God's going to do.
A good report.
Yeah, a good report.
He's got it.
Even the prince of the power of the air—there's confusion in the camp.
That's what the Lord said.
Hallelujah.
He thought he had it all planned out, hitting that table, but it's not going to work.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit to kill, steal, and destroy has definitely been defeated by the blood of Jesus.
You're defeated!
And the Lord has the hand before the hand is even dealt.
He knows the future from the past.
Satan can't tell the future.
Satan doesn't know the future.
So even the decision he's strategizing, he doesn't know the outcome of it.
He believes he has a plan, but God knows the future better than we know our past.
So He knows the outcome before the enemy knows the outcome.
So he knows the plan.
The can do this and do that and try to outsmart Him, but whatever the devil means for bad, God is going to turn it around for good for you.
You're talking about a master chess player called my Father playing with somebody who is like they're in grade school.
"I'll move this," and God's like, "I've already got this chess game figured out.
You sit down and watch me work.
" He made the chess game.
God is a winner.
Yes, He is a winner.
God always wins.
Checkmate!
That's the way I was seeing it right then.
So, I don't care; we're just going to pray it out.
That's what our job is here on this channel: to pray.
And prayer changes things.
Prayer does it in the realm of the spirit.
Hallelujah.
Thank God for believers who know how to pray in the spirit and believe God because we have the victory and we're on the victory side, no matter all the darkness I see coming.
Well, praise the Lord.
I think we're done.
How long was the video, son?
An hour and 56.
It's about two hours.
It's good.
We pray for about two hours.
I try to encourage you all, we take communion, and it's a good night.
So, praise the Lord.
Did you get something out of it?
You feel blessed tonight?
One lady said, "I wish you'd pray more instead of talking so much.
" She went off on me today.
But I said, "Well, I'm led by the Spirit of the Lord.
Maybe somebody else is praying somewhere else.
I'm doing what the Holy Ghost has told me to do.
" She could pray more on her own or rewind it.
People get so cranky.
But praise the Lord.
We're so grateful for you being here.
If you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, click the thumbs up, and comment something nice down below, it helps us.
We're believing for a million-person prayer army, all for the glory of God.
Because we are anointed to do YouTube in a way that the world is not familiar with, all for the glory of God.
We're anointed and appointed for such a time as this.
That's what pastorship is.
So I just believe it.
Whatever you do in word and deed, do all to the glory of God.
Whether you're a cleaner, a car washer, or a firefighter, do it with everything you've got inside of you, all to the glory of God.
And then say, "I'm anointed to be a firefighter in a way that the world is not familiar with, all for the glory of God.
" Say it, whatever you are.
And watch God promote you.
Watch God excel you.
Watch God do something huge in your life—a pastor, a prophet, a teacher, an evangelist, or a teacher at the school, whatever.
I'm a P.
A.
P.
coach.
I teach kids how to play sports.
I don't know.
Whatever you do in word and in deed, do all to the glory of God.
And we'll close it there.
Thank you for joining us.
Remember, Paisley wants to say hi.
Hi, everybody.
She says, 'And all that you do in word and deed.
' We thank you, Father, for protecting our president.
I pray as he's been in all of Asia and doing everything.
I just feel the protection.
There's something right there.
Father, I thank you that you watch over our president.
Thank you, Father, that you protect President Trump and his family tonight.
Father, you have him in your hand, and every plot, every plan to try to hurt him, to kill, steal, and destroy his life, we cover him in the blood of Jesus.
Regarding his health, the Lord said, 'Brandon, this is it.
' We pray over him; no strokes come nigh our president.
We pray over his arteries, his veins, his neck, and his brain from stress.
We pray over his brain—no aneurysms.
His blood thickness is perfect—not too thick, not too thin—perfect blood chemistry in his body.
You need to listen to me; I hear this by the Spirit of God.
We pray over his blood, every blood cell, every part of his arteries, and the way his blood flows through him, that he will live long, finish strong, and finish the work God has called him to do, and he will not have a stroke.
I have to pray a little bit more over this; the Lord is not done.
We pray over his blood and his arteries.
We pray over his heart and the circulation of his heart, his feet, and blood clots.
We take authority over blood clots.
We command blood clots from flying in the plane and going up in high altitudes to dissolve in the name of Jesus.
Every plan, every plot, every pursuit on his life, I say in the name of Jesus—no stroke.
I see that it's about a blood clot.
Do you hear me?
And the circulation of his legs..
I see his legs around his thighs and his knees, specifically his calves.
They're highlighted before me.
The calves are highlighted before me, right by the artery of the knee.
Then the Lord is focusing on the veins of the thighs.
We call any blood clots dissolved in the name of Jesus.
Even if they are never exposed, we pray over his veins.
We pray over his mind; he has the mind of Christ.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Even when he has all this pressure and he's saying these foul words, I thank you, Lord, that you convict him so that he grows stronger in you.
He has so much better words to say than those words.
People say, 'Well, he's not a Christian.
' Listen, you get pressure on you, and you say some stupid stuff, too, probably.
I don't know what it's like to be the president of the United States.
I'm not trying to justify it, but with the pressure and all the demonic influence, he probably says some bad words.
But I believe God that he's going to get radically on fire.
Things are going to change.
But I'm telling you, you have to pray for his health.
I don't care about all this other stuff; we have to, because I hear somebody saying, 'Well, he doesn't...
' I don't care.
This is where we are.
We're praying for the man.
He has to finish.
This is serious.
So, we cover him in the blood.
I thank you, Father, for his life.
May every vein and all his arteries be healthy, and his mind be renewed.
He needs good, restful sleep at night to renew him.
We call for restful sleep in Jesus' name over him and over his marriage.
We pray over his marriage—everything about it, we call for a renewing.
We pray over Melania and him, that their marriage is strong.
A mending of the hearts, especially concerning her.
Now Eric is before me.
I pray for protection over Eric.
We cover Eric in the blood.
He's going to make some big decisions in the days ahead.
There are major financial decisions concerning certain assets, concerning crypto.
Have I said too much, Lord?
I'm seeing in the spirit right now.
This is Eric.
Big decisions are about to be made.
Mergers.
We just bless his efforts.
The Lord said, 'Bless his efforts.
' Bless him and Don.
Bless their efforts.
Give them greater strategies and discernment on who they're allowing in their inner circle, to learn who to trust based on who they are versus who they can trust.
They need great discernment.
The Lord said to pray; we pray for discernment for these men, that they have great discernment on who they are with.
Strategic people are lining up beside them that will shoot them to another level with big money—like double or triple what they already have.
I see a doubling coming, and then I see a tripling for them.
Trump—double, triple generational wealth.
Watch.
Everything the devil meant to steal, God's going to restore it back as a reward.
Because he could have just thrown his hat in and said, 'I'm done,' the Lord said, 'Because he was obedient, my son, the fun has just begun.
' A doubling, a tripling.
Watch what I do with the son.
You hear me?
A doubling, a tripling.
Watch what I do with the son.
He's talking about him.
Restoring the fountain of wealth.
The fun has just begun.
That's what the Lord has just said to me.
The Lord said, 'The fun has just begun.
' Pray for him to have great discernment each day.
His daddy could have said, 'I'm done,' but he had a fight.
It was divine, and the purpose is aligning with the fig tree, with Israel, and what's about to take place.
You will see the beginning of this.
This is the new race—a race of the souls, a race of the harvest.
He gave us a window for the harvest.
That's what the Lord says today.
Poverty will be no more.
Well, they aren't poor already, but He's talking about something else.
You've not seen; the fun has just begun.
Remember what I'm telling you.
The fun has just begun.
Don't discount any of it.
I hear him talking.
Listen to me.
He says, 'I've got this.
' When God says he's got this, you say, 'Okay,' just like he said.
You know what I'm talking about.
Whenever the Lord said that to me, it was set in stone.
'I've got this.
' He just said it real loud.
When he said, 'I've got this,' I love it when he says that because I know it's done.
He's always got it.
But when he says that, I know something big.
I told you just like he said about Pam.
He told me, 'I've got this.
' That's what he said.
And then he said it again about this.
'I've got this.
' Glory to God.
The blessing, the favor—goodness and mercy are following you all the days of your life.
Watch, lining up with the right people.
Again, that's what he's talking about.
Praying over Eric Trump.
Praying over the right people.
Oh, I see a man.
I know who that man is.
Don't trust so easily.
They may come across as Christian.
They may come across as good.
Don't trust so easily.
Walk with discernment.
I don't know if you have that inward check.
You have that still small check.
Well, that doesn't make any sense.
It's better to go this way.
No, don't question it.
Like today, the Lord told me to do something and I questioned it, and He said, 'I said do this.
' I said, 'Yeah, You did.
' And I told Diana, 'It doesn't make any sense in the natural, but He said do this.
' There was a man who was a multibillionaire, and they talked about how he would always hear about people coming up to him about certain investments.
He said the Lord told him to pray about this every single time, and he never made a bad decision because he always inquired of the Lord with fasting and praying before he made a major decision.
So he would have a great idea presented to him that looked like it would make much money, making him worth even more money.
He would go and inquire of the Lord.
The Lord said, 'No.
' So he went back to the people and said, 'I'm sorry.
The Lord said no.
' That whole thing turned bad.
But every time he inquired of the Lord, he increased.
As long as he put God first in his business decisions, no matter what they were, he increased.
Always go with that still small voice inside of you.
Just like today: 'Don't do that.
' And it made no sense to me.
I said, 'Okay.
' The Lord said, 'Don't do that.
' And it wasn't even about investments, but it was about something personal for us.
He said, 'Don't do that.
' And I said, 'Well, okay.
' My initial reaction was, 'Okay, I'll do it.
' Then I said, 'Diana, I have to obey God here.
' It's amazing.
But I'm trying to tell you, inquire of the Lord.
I hear that concerning him.
Inquire of the Lord who you are in partnership with and who you are in business with.
Not everything is what it seems.
It may look good on paper; it may look good on a computer screen.
It may look beautiful.
But you have that still small voice on the inside of you that says, 'Don't do it.
' Follow the peace that passes all understanding.
The peace will lead you and guide you.
He will lead you and guide you into all things, showing you what to do with your life.
He is the Prince of Peace.
If you have a check, don't do it, and you will always be blessed in what you do.
Hallelujah.
You say, 'If it's family or whatever, I don't care; if you don't have peace, don't do it.
' That's what I go by every single time.
I have a check, but I've always known the Holy Spirit is there to be my friend.
He wants to help you.
I don't care how good it looks, always follow the peace of God.
No matter how it sounds, no matter how much they love you, I don't care.
So, praise the Lord.
We pray over President Trump's heart.
We pray over his marriage.
We pray over the kids.
It's good, but there's still an underlying Braden.
This is not a 'one and done.
' This is to keep praying.
We must pray for President Trump's organs, praying for his heart.
This is a very stern warning.
Pray for his life.
Pray for him.
Lord, I just release it.
I've got a lot of prayer warrior mamas out there.
I have Arkansas Grandma.
She wrote me a letter today telling me she prayed for me.
Arkansas Grandma was there.
Amen.
It was such a beautiful letter.
It blessed us.
She had a prophetic word for me.
I said, 'Thank you for praying for me, thank you for praying for my wife and my kids, Arkansas Grandma and these people.
' Glory to God for these people, always praying and interceding.
I don't know how old the grandma is, but it's just neat to have a grandma praying for you.
Glory to God.
Appreciate it so much.
You have your assignments.
You can help me pray until tomorrow.
Tomorrow's Tuesday and we'll pray again.
We'll keep praying until the Lord says...
we are winners.
We go through October 31st.
We keep doing the things the Lord's called us to do.
We've had 5,500 people praying right now, and I believe with all my heart there's power, for many hands make light work.
We're on the victory side.
We love you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.